[FFM-3363]: Tidy up readme to align with other server SDKs (#83)
harness/ff-golang-server-sdk: README.md

Harness Feature Flag Golang SDK
========================

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/drone/ff-golang-server-sdk)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/drone/ff-golang-server-sdk)

## Table of Contents
**[Intro](#Intro)**<br>
**[Requirements](#Requirements)**<br>
**[Quickstart](#Quickstart)**<br>
**[Further Reading](docs/further_reading.md)**<br>
**[Build Instructions](docs/build.md)**<br>

## Intro

Harness Feature Flags (FF) is a feature management solution that enables users to change the software’s functionality, without deploying new code. FF uses feature flags to hide code or behaviours without having to ship new versions of the software. A feature flag is like a powerful if statement.
* For more information, see https://harness.io/products/feature-flags/
* To read more, see https://ngdocs.harness.io/category/vjolt35atg-feature-flags
* To sign up, https://app.harness.io/auth/#/signup/

![FeatureFlags](./docs/images/ff-gui.png)

## Requirements
[Golang 1.6](https://go.dev/doc/install) or newer (go version)<br>

## Quickstart
The Feature Flag SDK provides a client that connects to the feature flag service, and fetches the value

> of featue flags.   The following section provides an example of how to install the SDK and initalize it from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of feature flags.   The following section provides an example of how to install the SDK and initialize it from
```
